Google Search Master Class
----------------------------------
1. "" Quotation Mark

If when we search in google but we didn't found releted to our topic 
then try to search your topic or subject inside Double quotation

Ex - "social engineering in school"

2. File Type

if we want to see any perticular file with it's extesion 
then try this

Ex- origin ml data science:pdf,docs,ppt,.....etc any file type

3. Related

if you want to find out some related topic or subject over the internet 
then try this

Ex - releted:library.com

4. Site

if we want to look up any educational or goverment ..etc so we have to give
it's domain name of the website try this

Ex- green tea site:edu
    Machine Learning site:gov (it we give the website all goverment site related to Machine Learning)
    Popular Books site:com (it will return you all the books related websites which contain ".com"

5. Intext/allintext

if we want to search subject or object or topics inside text using keywords
so try this 

Ex- intext:text ----> intext:polymorphism
    intext:kaligrapy
     
    if we wnat to find out exact text inside a webpage
    allintext:text----> allintext:docker
    allintext:jarkin

difference Quotation/intext
---------------------------------
the only difference between quotation marks and intext is that 
the quotation search all the text inside webpage but 
intext only search word by  word inside webpage or text or paragraph

6. Intitle/allintext

It's will figure out the text inside a title of any webpage
so that try this

Ex- intitle:text-------> intitle:python
 and if want to search exact same words inside title then we can also  use 
Ex- allintext:text-----> allintext:SEO uses

7. Inurl/allinurl

When you want to search words inside url than try this

Ex- inurl:text -------> inurl:machine learning
 and allinurl is used to find the exact words inside url
Ex- allinurl:text ------> allinurl:toword data science

8. Source

When you want find out some news about some releted topics
like machine learning in real life case senario so then try this

Ex- topic source:releted text-------> machine learning source:real life 

9. OR
 
When you have to search two things in a same time then use or

Ex- subject1 OR subject2 -------> dog OR lions

10. AND

when you want to search two in the same website the use AND

Ex- subject1 AND subject2 -------> Python AND Machine Learning

11. $ (doller)

when you want find out the price of things in between certain range

Ex- subject $range of price -----> python book $100-$200
                            -----> Machine Learning Books $200

12. ()

when you want search about two thing orsubject in a certain ways or field and place 

Ex- when you want to search for phone and laptop of the samsung company		

	>-------(phone OR laptops)samsung


13. -(Hyphen)

when you don't want to search any subject in all site but not in another perticular site then 
try this
 
Ex - War -wikipidia

14. *(Asterisk)

when you want to match or figure out about any subject then try this

Ex- subject(matching word) * company -----> steve * apple

15. Cache

when you want to search about any perticular sanpshot then 
try this 

Ex- cache:website name.domainname ------> cache:amazon.com

16. Define

when you want to search the defination of any subject 
then try this

Ex- define:subject ---- define:science

17. To/in

if you want to convert any continuoes value into different things \
then try this

Ex-  meter in feet
     kilogram to pound .... like that 

18. Stock

if you want to know the stock information certain company 
then try this

 Ex- stock:company name -----> stock:apple

19. Map

if you want to google to only certain location you searching of any perticular area
then try this

Ex- map:loaction name or area name -------> map:silicon velly

20. Movie

 if you want to know about certain movie or it's show time and then you all the sites 
releted to that perticular movie are shown on your desktop 
then try this 

Ex-  movie:movie name -----> movie:war

21. Loc

find the giving area or reasons about any company 

Ex- loc:"topic"releted subject

22. Location

if you want to know about the certain location and it's address

Ex- location:place -----> location:bigmarket in nagpur

23. Google products

1. google books
 you can give you the google books product information with it's only google sites

2. google images
 you can only search for image

3. google scholar
 if you are interset in some research by the google and aricles on any perticular topics 
it might be helpful for a any researcher or professor and students for their knowledge


 




  